MUDRammer is a modern MUD client for iPhone and iPad focused on speed, readability, and flexibility.

MUDs are online multiplayer text-based games. There are thousands, set in fantasy, medieval, Sci-Fi, absurdist, and many other worlds.

◆ Background support - maintains your connection!
◆ Connect up to four simultaneous sessions!
◆ A gesture control for rapid player movement plus a customizable gesture control for your own commands.
◆ 22 fabulous Fonts and 19 thrilling Themes.
◆ Add Triggers, Aliases, Tickers, and Gags to any connection.
◆ 82 sounds to play when your Triggers and Tickers fire!
◆ MUDRammer compresses network traffic on supported MUDs, saving your data plan and speeding up your gameplay.
◆ MUDRammer supports terminal type (TTYPE) and window size (NAWS) on supported MUDs.
◆ Enable the Character Bar for fast access to special characters while you're typing.
◆ Beautiful ANSI color rendering in all orientations.
◆ Support for xterm-256 colors!
◆ Syncs your preferences with iCloud across devices.
◆ VoiceOver automatically speaks new lines as they come in and announces connects and disconnects.
◆ Tap to open links, emails, and preview images in-app.
◆ Unlimited command history.
◆ Typing stash! Stash text you've typed, type and send a new command, then tap to restore your stashed text.

Plus:

◆ Support for SSL/TLS connections!
◆ Encodings! First-class support for encodings like Big5 and KOI8.
◆ Connect your device to iTunes to download session logs to your desktop.
◆ Send full session logs over email.
◆ MUDRammer can open telnet:// links from other apps.
◆ Enable/disable typing autocorrect at any time.
◆ Client-side text wrapping with font size control. Computer, enhance!
◆ Enable simple telnet mode for Simutronics and other special connections.

If you have issues with a specific MUD, please use the in-app feedback link or contact admin@splinesoft.net.

> get mudrammer from app store
You pick up the MUDRammer. You're an unstoppable force for righteousness (or evil) wherever you are! 
